API Client that must be handled by implementing gRPC API Server with business logic (#1)
coopnorge/interview-backend: docs/INDEX.md

# Interview Assignment - Coop Logistics API

## Acceptance Criteria

> - All three parts must be done (One, Two, Three).

Reviewer: You could delete the part in braces. It does not add any additional information.

- API must be sustainable to handle requests without dropping them.

## Assignment Appendix

> Coop Logistics Engine, simulates several cargo units that

Reviewer: "," after "Engine" is unnecessary.

deliver goods between different warehouses in the world.

Coop Logistics Engine sends `gRPC` requests to `127.0.0.1:50051`,
checkout service in
[docker-compose](../docker-compose.yml) "interview_backend_coop_logistics"

> ## Assignment Details

Reviewer: Instead of "Assignment Details", I would call it "Assignment".

Further, I would rephrase:
"Develop an API system that matches the criteria described in parts. Here is [Swagger documentation with descriptions.](../api/logistics.swagger.json)"

to

"The result of this task should be an API system that fulfils the criteria described in three parts below. Here is the link to the API documentation [Swagger documentation with descriptions.](../api/logistics.swagger.json)"

Author: Nice, also added a link to protifle

Develop an API system that matches the criteria described in parts,
here is [Swagger documentation with descriptions.](../api/logistics.swagger.json)

> Don't hesitate to ask questions for clarification if you have them.

Reviewer: This "Call for action" and wishes good luck I would place at the end after part three.

Author: Maybe, but that feels like it will be a bit detached from the assignment task, where parts are pure instructions without distraction ;)

Author: Updated public part of that, internal code was not changed :)

*Good luck and we hope you will have fun!*
___

### Part One: Implement Backend API

> Your first task is to implement API server

Reviewer: I would rephrase it as "Implement the API server for that..."

1. You do not need to refer to the candidate "Your...". It's clear from the context who has to work on the task.
2. It's already in part one, so you do not have to tell "first". Keep it short.

for that [proto-file](../api/v1/logistics.proto).

The solution should output a log message to STDOUT once per second with:

> - Number of received messages / second.

Reviewer: A list with just one item does not look good. Rephrase to "The solution should output a log message to STDOUT once per second with the number of received messages per second." Same in the part two.

> # Interview Assignment - Coop Logistics API

Reviewer 2: As discussed, would be great to mention whether to implement client or server part, as we don't want to leave a room for different interpretation

- All three parts must be done.
- API must be capable of handling all requests sent by this client without dropping them.

## Assignment Appendix

Coop Logistics Engine simulates several cargo units that
deliver goods between different warehouses in the world.

It sends `gRPC` requests to `127.0.0.1:50051`,
look at service in
[docker-compose](../docker-compose.yml) "interview_backend_coop_logistics"

## Assignment

The result of this task should be an API system that fulfils the criteria
described in three parts below.

*Don't hesitate to ask questions for clarification if you have them.*

**Good luck and we hope you will have fun!**
___

### Part One: Implement Backend API

Implement an API sever that provides the following service over gRPC:
[proto-file](../api/v1/logistics.proto).

- The solution should output a log message to STDOUT
once per second with the number of received messages per second.

### Part Two: Store Delivery Units

The cargo units run between the different warehouses in the world.

Your task is to store these delivery paths,
data comes into the API you implemented in *Part One*.
Write at least one unit test that verifies that your solution works.

> The solution should output a log message to STDOUT once per second with:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Perhaps just rework this bit for clarity. Either this or the line below and subsequent once-per-second requirements are are duplicated.

# Interview Assignment - Coop Logistics API

**Implement Server side part that can handle client requests
with specific business logic.**

## Acceptance Criteria

- All three parts must be done.

> - API must be sustainable to handle requests without dropping them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- API must be capable of handling all requests sent by this client without dropping them.
```

## Assignment Appendix

Coop Logistics Engine simulates several cargo units that
deliver goods between different warehouses in the world.

It sends `gRPC` requests to `127.0.0.1:50051`,
look at service in
[docker-compose](../docker-compose.yml) "interview_backend_coop_logistics"

## Assignment

The result of this task should be an API system that fulfils the criteria
described in three parts below. Here is the link to the API documentation
[Swagger documentation](../api/logistics.swagger.json)

> or [Protofile](../api/v1/logistics.proto) with descriptions.

Reviewer 3: Minor: This line about the API specs is probably better suited in the "Part One" section, but as it's already mentioned there so one could probably remove it here.

Also, as the client expects a gRPC endpoint, so it's perhaps not worth mentioning the OpenAPI v2 spec until it's required.

Author: Yeah let's do it like that, when we will require to implement it as HTTP server like REST then we can return it back. Will refactor it to be more generic, like here is a folder with API specs.

Don't hesitate to ask questions for clarification if you have them.

*Good luck and we hope you will have fun!*
___

### Part One: Implement Backend API

> Implement the API server for that
> [proto-file](../api/v1/logistics.proto).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Implement an API sever that provides the following service over gRPC: 
[proto-file](../api/v1/logistics.proto).
```
